README.md, before:

# lita-ignore-me

*lita-ignore-me* is a Lita extension that allows a user to tell the robot that he or she wishes to be ignored unless addressing the robot directly. This means that routes that are triggered that are not commands are not executed.

## Installation

Add lita-ignore-me to your Lita plugin's gemspec:

``` ruby
spec.add_runtime_dependency "lita-ignore-me"
```

## Usage

There is no additional configuration necessary. There are two commands added for a user to manage whether the robot will listen to or ignore that user in the current room: `ignore me` and `listen to me.

Assuming there is some handler that echoes messages that start with 'echo' installed and configured, a conversation might look like this:

```
Chad: echo I don't like to be echoed.
Lita: I don't like to be echoed.
Chad: @Lita: ignore me
Lita: Okay Chad, I'll ignore you in #channel unless you address me directly.
Chad: echo I don't like to be echoed.
Chad: lita help
Lita: *prints help*
Chad: @Lita: listen to me
Lita: Okay Chad, I'm listening.
Chad: echo I expect to be echoed.
Lita: I expect to be echoed.
```

## License

[MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Commit message:

Add commands to allow user to specify target room
This commit introduces a new variant on the 'ignore me' and 'listen to
me' commands by adding support for specifying the room in the command
(e.g., 'ignore me in #some-room'). In adapters where the user can speak
with the robot in a "room" directly - like the Slack adapter - this will
allow the user to privately set ignore and listen rules.

Fixes #2

README.md, after:

# lita-ignore-me

**lita-ignore-me** is a Lita extension that allows a user to tell the robot that he or she wishes to be ignored unless addressing the robot directly. This means that routes that are triggered that are not commands are not executed.

## Installation

Add lita-ignore-me to your Lita plugin's gemspec:

``` ruby
spec.add_runtime_dependency "lita-ignore-me"
```

## Usage

There is no additional configuration necessary. There are two commands added for a user to manage whether the robot will listen to or ignore that user in the current room: `ignore me` and `listen to me`.

Assuming there is some handler that echoes messages that start with 'echo' installed and configured, a conversation might look like this:

```
Chad: echo I don't like to be echoed.
Lita: I don't like to be echoed.
Chad: @Lita: ignore me
Lita: Okay Chad, I'll ignore you in #room unless you address me directly.
Chad: echo I don't like to be echoed.
Chad: lita help
Lita: *prints help*
Chad: @Lita: listen to me
Lita: Okay Chad, I'm listening to you in #room.
Chad: echo I expect to be echoed.
Lita: I expect to be echoed.
```

You can also request that the robot ignore you or listen to you in a different room by specifying the room name (e.g., `ignore me in #some-room`). In the case of Slack, this allows you to send a message to the robot directly, without the need to clutter the target room with extra messages.

## License

[MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
